Add support for `--include-dependencies` flag (#1548)
Shopify/tapioca: README.md

* `debug`
* `fakefs`

#### Regenerate the RBI files gem(s) explicitly

In case you only want to generate RBI files for certain gems, you can use the gem command.

```shell
$ bin/tapioca gem gemA gemB
```

> If you want the RBI files to be generated for dependencies as well, use the flag `--include-dependencies`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When supplying gem names if you want to generate RBI files for their dependencies as well, you can use the `--include-dependencies` option:
```

Something like this is better to connect it to gem names.
